there are no means once again another cultural medium
so that in Spanish by Rodrigo Blanco comes back with the gratitude
surprise that the company has little developed a version of the safari the
version 4 and you can download it right now to watch this video tutorial
go double double double see double pep dot apo dot
this the first page the great news
that where to go have developed the new version
of the safari and one of the grandmothers mergers of the 150 functions that it has
the lawyer pink farías after that is happening here is called all to
those favorite sites are the percent sites
Although you
frequent
In Peru, your browsing on the Internet and Perón is perfectly
avoidable
this way as for one listens or lowers in a more serious state the one that arrives at the
left
and the way they can take us away is that this same thing that
I'm seeing the pass appear clicking
in this
excuse me
and as graphic west we chase the matrix p
three times four
6 already masoud
all swartz
the man who appears
this with the ticket perfectly and table here down left there is a
little button that says perez
- and I can teach them well here
and how do you click on tahrir
the reservoir send here down to the right
the different sizes as you can organize this the un
way to give b
to see its use if your favorite likewise
measured 8 small medium and large
i
they are June 11 grew by one million
I get a little bit bigger according to the eight presences of the highway
big
and dictates house with sizes
the dynamo that what will leave it at the instant well
I tell you that down here and I want to say that
kenton who has finished
coki cocoa college stubby drink click
merial to the duration of this form and opodo to césar the webs to simply
clicking on them I want to see again how this one volvo and pressed the
little button to rivals that finished the graphic of the tops or airs
I go here to my web sae I see how nice it looks again game and something that kaka
left rival
and everything surfing all this screen in a visual and very nice way
is the opposite of what the program is smartly storing
organizing within the memory
on the clear occasion for the meadow to be
aon another of the merger that appears very good and very nice
excess of payment accumulation are very helpful is the way
you can do and then
of a screenshot of webs to which you are browsing more and that this one has
installed the program I do of the state little by little and they arrive here to a asks us
be it or something that you saw that you found interesting who will share
his coconut person had money
all you have to do is Iraqi to the lighthouse menu up the left to the
side of Caesar farías
and press command i
ok simply select from the menu the option that says
meoquí against these track and crashed send the content of this page
I tried to change the language Spanish pro seems that the government
pronounced in Spanish
of the safari but meanwhile it is there that the snuff is in English
and you click on this hill that happens to generate immediately
an ad hoc
an image
peek to be sent immediately through the melo program
i
the teacher seems to me quite useful because omar pérez for one of the things that
I missed 2002 when a user of windows that could be real
a screen sending that was watching me through
during the program
d mail what was left over
but the was operating windows
well I hope that the slight bones for him I visited in him in the page that has
dedicated
apo to this new mckeon
of the meadow according to this new version
and I think it's excellent I think it was about time
made a change to be able to navigate and appreciated around Carmen Romero
let's say more free more nice
anything because comment for forming a message here below this one
in the video
i the behavior motion if they want to buy some new some function
credible I share the correct thing people who are
the subscribed to this channel
and these may be the source of dissemination of information for
all of you with we are more than we love to have these computers
as tools
of work in our area homes and offices see you later and see you
pastrana